README.md, before:

HashiCorp Consul Service (HCS) Terraform Provider
==================

This repository is a *template* for a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) provider. It is intended as a starting point for creating Terraform providers, containing:

 - A resource, and a data source (`internal/provider/`),
 - Documentation (`website/`),
 - Miscellanious meta files.
 
These files contain boilerplate code that you will need to edit to create your own Terraform provider. A full guide to creating Terraform providers can be found at [Writing Custom Providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/writing-custom-providers.html).

Please see the [GitHub template repository documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for how to create a new repository from this template on GitHub.


Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 0.12.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.12

Building The Provider
---------------------

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command: 
```sh
$ go install
```

Adding Dependencies
---------------------

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.


Using the provider
----------------------

Fill this in for each provider

Developing the Provider
---------------------------

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

Commit message:

Generate HCS AMA API models to use for CRP req/resp bodies

README.md, after:

HashiCorp Consul Service (HCS) Terraform Provider
==================

This repository is a *template* for a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) provider. It is intended as a starting point for creating Terraform providers, containing:

 - A resource, and a data source (`internal/provider/`),
 - Documentation (`website/`),
 - Miscellanious meta files.
 
These files contain boilerplate code that you will need to edit to create your own Terraform provider. A full guide to creating Terraform providers can be found at [Writing Custom Providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/writing-custom-providers.html).

Please see the [GitHub template repository documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for how to create a new repository from this template on GitHub.


Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 0.12.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.14

Building The Provider
---------------------

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command: 
```sh
$ go install
```

Adding Dependencies
---------------------

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.


Using the provider
----------------------

Fill this in for each provider

Developing the Provider
---------------------------

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate the latest models for the HCS Custom Resource Provider actions, run:
```
make generate-hcs-ama-api-spec-models
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```
